Think about it.
With the continuous development of social economy
After people's needs for food and clothing are met
What do you need most next?
What spiritual needs?
Once a person is satisfied on the material level
I will definitely pursue spiritual things
Whether it's video
Music Game
Voice chat, etc.
These are things that people need spiritually
And these must have the Internet in the future
No technology to develop
And here's another example.
Our current real economy
You can develop through the Internet
Like what?
You can shop with your mobile phone at home.
You say this Internet is really powerful
Of course it's true.
You'll know later
Ok I believe you um
Hey, okay, I got it.
What is the approval of our brokerage company?
Really um ok um
Why did you call me here in such a hurry?
This is the agency you mentioned.
Not exactly, it should be your brokerage company.
I've already planned it for you.
You will enter the entertainment industry with a brand new look
I have a stage name for you
It's called Lalia.
Let's go and try on clothes first